docs(recurring job): behavior changed (#678)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.4.2/deploy/important-notes/index.md

### Recurring Jobs
After the upgrade, the recurring job settings of volumes will be migrated to new recurring job resources, and the `RecurringJobs` field in the volume spec will be deprecated. [[doc](https://longhorn.io/docs/{{< current-version >}}/deploy/upgrade/#4-automatically-migrate-recurring-jobs)]

> And the behavior of recurring job task types `Snapshot` and `Backup` will be changed to check the number of old snapshots first. If the number of old snapshots exceeds the retain count, older snapshots will be cleaned up first before taking a new snapshot. And introduce two new recurring job task types `Snapshot Force Create` and `Backup Force Create` and the new task type `Snapshot Force Create` will behave the same as the original behavior of the task type `Snapshot` as well as task types `Backup Force Create` and `Backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior of the recurring job types `Snapshot` and `Backup` will attempt to delete old snapshots first if they exceed the retained count before creating a new snapshot. Additionally, two new recurring job types have been introduced, `Snapshot Force Create` and `Backup Force Create`. They retain the original behavior of taking a snapshot or backup first before deleting outdated snapshots.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks
